Thank you for providing the latest PRD. Based on our recent work and the issues we've resolved, I have made the necessary updates to reflect the current state of the project.

This revised PRD incorporates the new backend architecture and its dependencies, documents the solutions for the persistent data normalization errors, and formalizes the collaborative protocols we have established.

Product Requirements Document: GSR Log App
1. Project Overview
The GSR Log App is a single-page web application designed for the simple and efficient logging of daily GSR-related data. The app provides a user-friendly interface for data entry, history tracking, and summary viewing. Its key focus is on local, client-side data persistence, storing all information directly in the user's browser via localStorage and enabling data export via CSV files. The application also relies on a lightweight Node.js backend to serve the initial, structured CSV data to the frontend, ensuring a reliable starting point.

2. Goals & Objectives
Primary Goal: To provide a simple, reliable, and locally-hosted application for daily data logging and management.

Objective 1: To ensure seamless data persistence by storing and retrieving all application data directly from the user's browser via localStorage, with a fallback to a backend API for initial data loading.

Objective 2: To offer a clear, tab-based user interface for intuitive navigation across all functionalities (Log Entry, History, Summary, Manage Data, Palay Deliveries).

Objective 3: To enable users to easily manage lookup data (provinces, varieties, etc.) directly within the app's dedicated Manage Data tab.

Objective 4: To create a seamless workflow for logging new entries by integrating Palay Deliveries and AI Entry forms with the main Log Entry and History tabs.

Objective 5: To provide a mechanism to export the entire dataset as a single, structured CSV file for backup or external analysis.

3. Plan & Strategy
Phase 1: Foundational Development (Completed)
This phase focused on building the core structure and initial data management functionalities.

Functionality:

Log Entry Tab: A form for adding new daily data entries.

History Tab: A comprehensive list view of all logged entries, with search and sort functionality.

Summary Tab: Provides aggregated views and daily reports of the data.

Manage Data Tab: A dedicated tab for managing lookup data with separate sub-tabs.

Palay Delivery Tab: A dedicated form for entering palay deliveries, with an "isLogged" flag.

Data Persistence: The ability to save all data to localStorage.

Strategy:

Developed a modular, multi-component React application, with each major feature residing in its own component.

Prioritized a robust CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) implementation that synchronizes with localStorage on every change.

Phase 2: Refinement & Integration (Current Focus)
The project is currently in the process of refining existing features and fixing critical data handling issues to ensure stability. We have successfully addressed persistent runtime errors related to data normalization.

Current Focus: We are currently working on adding more features and fixing runtime errors within the Manage Data tab. We have successfully fixed the handleEditFormChange and ButtonGroup runtime errors. The edit functionality for the Manage Data tab is now operational, with the edit modal styled to be compact and responsive to avoid screen overflow. We have also resolved a critical issue where the application would crash due to a data format mismatch between the backend CSV and localStorage. The palayPricing data, in particular, is now correctly parsed from a complex JSON string format.

Future Functionality:

Palay Deliveries List: Add a table to the Log Entry tab that lists unlogged deliveries from the Palay Delivery tab.

Auto-Population: A one-click workflow to populate the Log Entry form by selecting an unlogged delivery from the table. The user will be required to confirm the entry before it is added to the log history.

AI (Authority to Issue) Entry Form: A new form that will connect with the log history and the future Milling Overview feature.

Milling Overview: A future feature that monitors and records all milling activities, including palay issued and rice recoveries.

4. Technical Details
Frontend

Framework: React

Language: JavaScript (ES6+)

Styling: We are exclusively using styled-components for all UI styling.

Architecture: The application is built as a series of modular, self-contained components.

State Management: React's built-in useState and useEffect hooks will be used to manage component state, with data persistence handled by synchronizing with localStorage.

Data Handling: The application handles data normalization by manually parsing and transforming incoming data. This includes using JSON.parse to correctly handle complex data structures like the moisture_ranges within the palayPricing data, and converting snake_case keys to camelCase.

Backend

Platform: Node.js

Purpose: The backend serves as a simple server to provide the initial structured CSV data to the frontend via a single API endpoint.

Authentication: N/A (The app is a single-user, single-device tool).

Data Storage: The browser's localStorage API is the primary database. The CSV files on the server act as the initial data source.

5. Dependencies
Frontend Dependencies:

react: Core React library.

react-dom: Enables React components to render to the DOM.

uuid: For generating unique IDs for new log entries.

Backend Dependencies:

express: A web framework for Node.js, used to create the server and API endpoints.

cors: A middleware to enable Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, allowing the frontend to access the backend.

csv-parse: A library for parsing CSV data into a JavaScript array or object.

uuid: For generating unique identifiers.

To install these backend dependencies, run the following command in the backend directory:

Bash

npm install express cors csv-parse uuid
6. Collaborative Protocols
Code Changes: Always ask for the latest code for the specific file we are working on before making changes. This ensures we are always on the same page and prevents the introduction of new errors or conflicts.

Canvas Element: Do not use the HTML canvas element or any related libraries unless specifically asked to do so in a prompt.